[ONPREM-330] Add link to container runner helm repo in reference docs (#8428)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/container-runner.adoc

Additional instructions can be found in our link:https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/15773444776731-How-to-use-customSecret-on-Container-Runner[Support Center].

[#parameters]
== Helm Chart Parameters

> The container runner helm chart is hosted in a link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/container-runner-helm-chart[github repo].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container runner helm chart is hosted link:https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/container-runner-helm-chart[here].
```

Reviewer: @Stuart133 is this ok?

Author: Yup. I've updated with your suggestion :)
